.TH VTREE 1 local
.SH NAME
vtree \- print a visual tree of a directory structure
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B vtree
[ \-d ] [ \-f ] [ \-h # ] [ \-i ] [ \-o ] [ \-s ] [ \-q ] [ \-v ] [ \-V ] 
.SH DESCRIPTION
.IP 
Vtree is a program which scans directories/filesystems and displays the structure on the
standard output.   Normally it will ignore duplicate inodes.
.IP "\-d "
Instructs the program to include the duplicate inodes in the totals.
.PP
.IP "\-f "
Specifies floating column widths.  The widths of each column will be as narrow
as possible to conserve space.
.PP
.IP "\-h #"
Specifies how many levels down to display.
.PP
.IP \-i 
displays the number of inodes (excluding directories) in each directory 
.PP
.IP \-o
causes vtree to sort the directories before processing.  It is only
available for the memory-based version.  Use the "-V" option to find out
what version you are running.
.PP
.IP \-s 
Instructs the program to continue counting inodes and file sizes when it
has exceeded the levels specified.
.PP
.IP \-t 
Displays totals at the end of the report
.PP
.IP \-q
Quick display.  No totals of any kind are kept.
.PP
.IP \-v
Visual display.  Normally the program displays one directory on a line,
indenting lines to indicate subdirectories.  The visual display builds
a tree on the screen showing the actual directory structure.  This method
of display excludes any totals other than the final totals.
.PP
.IP \-V
Shows current version.  Specifying 2 Vs (-VV) will also show all options in
force.
.SH AUTHOR
Jonathan B. Bayer
.PP
Intelligent Software Products, Inc.
.PP
Rockville Centre, NY   11570
.SH ACKNOWLEDGMENTS
The program uses the directory routines written and released to the
public domain by Doug Gwyn.
The program is originally based on a program called AGEF written by
David S. Hayes.
